Things are going well.

We learned the likelihood of our idea getting approved is higher than we thought.

I just hope things continue to go well.

I have updated the code so that people may use it either with a XIAO ESP32 C3 (the cheaper option),
or a Raspberry Pi Zero 2 W (the slightly more expensive but better option).

This is a fairly formidable idea and even if it does not work out and our tests are not conclusive,
we can still use it.

Science isn't just about perfection.
99% of science is failure.
All science is about is how we use that failure to make something good.

Not perfect, it will never be perfect.
True perfection isn't achievable.

"If you need a whole bunch of details to prove something is perfect then it's not perfect.
Because perfection just IS."
-Me

I do like where this project is headed. I hope it all turns out well.

Although, even if it doesn't work. Even if that is a slight chance.

I am almost 100% sure that as we work together we can do this.

We are a group, a team.

WE.
Are ENLIGHTEN.

Our mission is to bring more light to the world.

Whether that's through helping people with their mental or physical problems or even small inconveniences.

Giving up isn't an option.
It never was.

Whether or not we succeed on this project there's always something more we can do.

And I plan to do all I can.
And to my brothers, Kumar, and Ty.
Two of the most important people in my life.

I would be honored if you would take on this mission with me.

I love you both.
But whether or not you do.

I'll still die trying to do all I can to help those who need it.

It will be a hell of a lot of work.
A lot of trouble.
Pain.
I have literally put blood, sweat, and tears into these projects.

But Here We Are.

And even if we've Fallen Down, we can get back up.

Don't Give Up.

I'll Burn in Despair.
That could be An Ending.
That could be the Finale.

But I have Hopes and Dreams.

And I want to Save the World.

There may be Respite.

There will be Last Goodbyes.
But The Earth Refused to Die.

This is the Power of "Neo".

Our Final Power.

But we will always be Reunited.

Bring it in, Guys!

The world may hate us.
Whether that's because of what we try to do, our views, or who we are.
But we will keep going.
They will be facing a Battle Against a True Hero.

Bravery.
Justice.
Kindness.
Perseverance.
Integrity. 

This is our Megalovania. 
Our pursuit for a better world.

This is our theme.
His Theme.

It's Showtime!

This is The Choice.

We may face a Barrier.

But we can do it.

Let's not make this our Last Episode.

For the Fans. Aye?

Let us reach the Core of humanity.
This is our Core Approach.

I am going to end here.
But let's do this.
Let's bring the world back from Ruins.
Give the people something worth fighting for.
Do not let them feel Heartache.
But fill them with joy.
Earth is a Mysterious Place.
But that's what makes it so amazing.

Come on Dummy!
Let's do this.

Sincerely, Your Best Friend, Lou O. Anthony

So, Good Night.


This entry fills you with, DETERMINATION.
