Everything is going well.
We are actually starting to make good progress.
We started modeling, all of the code is ready for the first prototype.
We also finally figured out how to use schematics...

When LHS checked out our current progress they seemed really interested,
that gives me a lot of hope.

We did decide to go with IMU instead of flex sensors.
It lowers the cost greatly and we would only need two.
Props to Kumar, you did a hell of a good job with that idea.

I can't wait 'til we have our first physical prototype.
As of right now everything is still purely hypothetical or made up of theories.
I'm not even sure if the math was right for considering the magnetic fields.
(Props to Spider-Man for reminding me that they are something to worry about..)

It's so crazy to me.
I mean I'm a very intelligent person.
I know that, and I've strived so hard to reach a point where I could say that.
But this.
S.E.N.S.E.
This is my time.
I'm working with a team.
I finally have a chance to prove I can put my skills to good use besides ALAPSEA.

I don't know what it's like for Kumar and Ty.
But I'm so excited to do this.

Whether we face failiure or not.
Whether our idea is even worth anything.
I know I tried.
Because even now just at this pooint I've put hours into this project.
All of the coding and the math.
It's all so amazing to me.

Our topic, method, materials, and methods are all prepared.
Although evidently our materials may change.

Something else we decided was to do a series of drafts of small sections of the research paper.
I think it would make it easier and also help keep our memories good.
Even with these entries, recording everything in a formal way could be inconsistent. 
It would be good to just be able to make a summary of everything for the final paper.

I like where this is going. 
I LOVE where this is going.

I have a lot of faith in us and this project.
Let's do it.

Not only are both of you my best friends, but now my partners in something that possibly could help people.
Three siblings.
My big brother, my little brother and me, the little depends on the day.
I love you.
Both of you.
Kumar and Ty.
Forever and always.
Te amo.
Muac.



Lou O. Anthony - Lead Scientist, Lead Computer scientist, Assistant Engineer