  Topic question or should I say "topic questions", How do we test the glove? 
What environment would the person be in when testing?
Who would be testing? 
Where would it be tested? 
All of these questions need to be answered in order to test our glove. 
  My idea is to create an environment where the person using the glove doesn't know anything about.
They also need to be in a blindfold and have earplugs or earmuffs.
This is to prevent any senses from being used in the situation. 
Just using vibrations to create the layout for the person to follow in the environment. 

Idea #1
  We can use multiple different environments to test the reliability of the glove. 
This means that we can have a person wear the glove in a variety of environments.
This includes the city, at home or even in nature.

How to test
  We need the person to be visually impaired. This means a blindfold.
We also need to make sure that other senses like hearing don't affect the person.
We need to put the person in multiple environments to make sure that they don't have the layout memorized.
The idea is to test the glove in multiple environments so the person memorizing the layout is less likely.

Idea #2
  We can place a person in a controlled environment like a home or apartment.
This allows us to precisely control the environment. 
We can use the blindfold and ear plugs but we have to make sure the person can't memorize the layout. 
But for this test we can make the person do things like picking things up or interacting with the objects in the room.

How to test

  We can use the same blindfold technique and earplugs.
We can make the person do specific tasks like picking things up or assembling things. 

Consequences of each idea.
With Idea #1 we can't exactly do specific tasks like picking things up and are just limited to walking. 
With Idea #2 we can measure both walking and running. However we are limited by our sensors range being too big.

Kumar N. -Lead 3d modeler, lead engineer, assistant computer scientist.
